I will invest a large amount of money in fund members
Nominally to expand the size of the fund
I need Jin Yang, you exchange all the funds
Invest in this company with Orient
Acquire 03 shares of all interim groups on the market
previous life
After Eastern Investment, due to the excellent performance of investment
No one noticed
This one surfaced
It was learned that it was a company secretly established by Zhang Jiyao
In addition, several investors under the name of Oriental Investment
Now the performance is very bright
Considered a rising star in the aviation industry
Use them to acquire Lin's collective shares
Not only does it not arouse suspicion
On the contrary, it will be considered
It has nothing to do with the Lin family and the Zhongdu Chamber of Commerce
Chinese investment is a pawn I have secretly planted
Mainly to cooperate with the family's fund investment
Except for me and a few of them
Even dad doesn't know
How did he find out?
As for
President Dalan
I need your help secretly
I, the China Chamber of Commerce, will make every effort to compensate